Notes:
- After determining what an application must do, it is equally important to define
  how users access those functions.
- Understanding use cases allows you to map out, in laymen's terms, how a user
  will access functions of your application.

Understanding use cases:
1. Use Cases:
  i - Title: (what is the goal?)
    Ex:
        Register new member
        Transfer funds
        purchase items
        Create new page
        Collect late payments
        Process accounts
  ii - Actor: (who desires it?) (Any entity that interact with our system is called Actor)
    Ex:
        User
        Customer
        Member
        Administrator
        ACMESystem (external system)
  iii - Scenario: (how is it accomplished?)

    Ex: Scenario As Paragraph
    Title: Purchase items
    Actor: Customer

    Scenario: Customer reviews items in shopping card. Customer provides payment and shipping information.
      System validates payment information and responds with confirmation of order and provides order
      number that Customer can use to check on order status. System will send Customer a confirmation of
      order details and tracking number in an email.
-----------------------
Ex: Scenario As Steps:
    Title: Purchase itmes
    Actor: Customer

    Scenario:
    1. Customer chooses to enter the checkout process
    2. Customer is shown a confirmation page for the order, allowing them to change
      quantities, remove items, or cancel
    3. Customer enters his/her shipping address
    4. System validates the customer address
    5. Customer selects a payment method
    6. System validates the payment details
    7. System creates an order number that can be used for tracking
    8. System displays a confirmation screen to the Customer
    9. Email is sent to the Customer with order details

    Extension: Describe steps for out-of-stock situations
    Extension: Describe steps for order never finalized

    Precondition: Customer has added at least one item to shopping cart

----------------------
Use case: Scenario Additional details
Title: Purchase items
Actor: Customer
Secondary actor:
Scenario:
Description:
Scope:
Level:
Extensions:
Extensions:
Precondition:
Postcondition:
Stakeholders:
Technology list:
----------------------
* This should be done as quick as you can, so that we can invest time in other phase
* One or two day of use case making in any iteration is desirable, more than that
  is wastage of time for less formalized/small team project.
* There are use case diagram(only support) but forget about that diagram, because use case are
  almost written text.
